and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business
growth show delighted to be joined by
john espirian today
john is a relentlessly helpful
copywriter he's an all-round linkedin
nerd eager experimenter and he's the
author of content
dna b2b clients tend to hire john to
write webpages
to produce expert articles and case
studies and improve their presence
across linkedin john a really well
welcome to the show how's it going
thanks for having me sam yeah i'm really
looking forward to our chat today um
all going well it's friday so it's
it's the day for my friday shout outs a
day for my friday shout shirt so it's
it's good the sun's shining in south
wales it's all good
nice one man looking sharp sir and
looking forward to
having a chat and we're gonna be digging
deep today john into
how people can not just create content
on linkedin but create content that's
actually going to drive that all
important revenue
all important bottom line whether it's
driving um sales opportunities
or inbound opportunities and how we can
go about that but as a starting piece
john
why should we actually bother why should
we bother being creating content on
linkedin
in your opinion well i think i think
doing so
sets us apart from the the 99
of people who don't create content on
linkedin you know that
the stats suggest that there are
something like 740 million users on
linkedin
yep maybe three or four million of them
create regular content that's not a lot
really so
you can immediately jump the queue and
get get
visibility for your business if you
start creating content so that that's
what most people don't do most people
are lurkers you know the people who sit
behind the velvet rope and they just
watch what's going on
which has some value to it but i think
creating content
gives you a chance to you know
demonstrate some thought leadership
demonstrate that you you're interested
in your own industry that you're able to
put out something that is helpful
and over time that's the thing that
builds into
a bank of content that says yeah this
this guy
or girl knows what they're talking about
maybe next time we need that service or
that product
we're going to go to this person and and
that's that's the the method that i've
been using for the past four years on
linkedin
and it's worked really really well for
me got it
got it and before we dive into how we
can create this copy
and because i know you've got a great
experience john in terms of some of the
results you've achieved personally
and for your clients what do we need to
be thinking about
before we get into perhaps strategies
and techniques
what do we need to be thinking about in
terms of before we even get into
something in terms of perhaps our
research or
who we want to be targeting more so with
this is that is that something we need
to be
considering before we jump ahead and
just start putting words to paper
to linkedin rather yeah you don't just
want to be creating
any content you want to create the
content that is actually going to help
the ideal reader so that they can become
they can draw themselves a little bit
closer to you and they can make a
more educated buying decision that's
really what the root of content
marketing is which is
the kind of inbound marketing that i
specialize in
is is being helpful educating people
and and not being salesy in your content
but doing those things means you need to
understand who it is that you're
speaking to in the first instance you
know what are
your ideal customers problems what are
their frustrations
uh what are they actually searching for
when they're looking for someone like
you who could provide the product or
service that that would
fix whatever their problem is so you
have to have a kind of
a demographic and psychographic
of the person that you're trying to
influence
and thinking what would help that person
right now
and then start building a list of things
that you could answer
based on you know what you know about
your industry
and um one of the best places to start
is if you if you're not brand new to
business
is to look at all the questions you've
been asked already by your customers
like face to face on zoom calls in
emails
and say if if this person has asked this
question
maybe loads of other people are silently
thinking the same thing
and if i could answer that question at
scale
through my content that will help me
educate those people so that when they
eventually get in touch
the sales process just becomes a tick in
a box because they've already built the
trust with me because i've answered all
of their
questions objections and whatever so
that's what you need to do first is get
a really good handle on
who it is that you're trying to
influence and what are their problems
that you might be able to resolve
and and spell all of that out in as much
detail as you can through your content
yeah it's it's a really good starting
point and you've given us an actionable
tip to
to take away straight away in terms of
utilizing those questions that
and i'm sure most industries have got
them right because i can certainly
throw out a few questions whether it's
to do with your website to do the
digital marketing that we'll get mostly
on a day to day
and i'm sure that can spin back to most
verticals to most industries
that there are these common questions
that whether it's on a sales school
whether it's on a support call whether
it's via email
that come in quite regularly so we can
we can literally weave these into
to our ideas can we john in terms of
what we produce yes
and actually this touches on a really
important point that a lot of customers
come to me with they say well i don't
know what to write about
right and and the mistake they often
make
is that they fail to realize that
they're an expert in their industry they
might know it inside out
and the stuff that is really simple to
them because they do it every day
it is not simple to the people who are
going to be buying from them
and and i've never once had someone when
i'm talking about
you know something about social media or
talking about something about linkedin
i'm giving some copywriting tips no
one's ever really come back and said
god that's obvious you didn't need to
tell us that you know
very often that content that feels
simple to you
is not to your ideal reader and that
should immediately
open up lots of doors that you could
talk about through your content
and and you know you could produce a
really big content plan of stuff that
you might think is simple
it just isn't but and a lot of people
just
feel reassured when someone tells them
something they already know anyway
but it's just an extra trust signal when
you hear the same voice
saying things and some of the stuff you
know some of the stuff you don't know
it just builds trust and that is the
route to sales
yeah yeah and that will make sense and
i'm sure we can dig into that in
a little bit more detail shortly um and
this
we might have covered a bit of this so
far john but i know you've got your own
framework
that you like to utilize um so perhaps
we could
chat through that and how that works and
then perhaps share some ideas along the
way
of how everyone tuning in can actually
utilize this regardless of what industry
they're in
yeah okay so to set the scene for this
i'm not writing content that goes into
adverts i'm writing content that is
going to attract people towards me
and attract people towards my clients
and an important part of that is
getting organic visibility on a platform
like
linkedin what does that mean it means
that when you write something
it has the potential to spread through
the linkedin network
naturally without anyone having to pay
for that privilege
and i've found there are there are
probably five
categories of content that are most
likely to be spread through the linkedin
network and therefore that's the kind of
stuff that i recommend people start with
wherever they can
and these are types of content and they
fit into a framework that i've called
chair so chair stands for
challenging helpful
amusing interesting and relevant
so i'll just very quickly explain what
these mean
challenging content tends to be content
that divides
opinion or the challenges
an orthodox opinion that exists within
your industry
because that kind of thing tends to get
a lot of people to comment
on linkedin and comments comments are
the gold
in terms of organic visibility so you
you've got these engagement metrics
you've got likes you've got comments and
you've got shares
and a lot of people who come over from
somewhere like twitter would think oh
well a share is the most powerful thing
on on linkedin right no actually a
comment is more powerful than a share
so if you can create something that
divides opinion you'll get
people talking in the comments and that
will get you lots of organic visibility
and if you're saying something of
substance those people will want to
check out your profile
and if you've set up your profile
correctly a proportion of those people
will want to buy from you
so challenging content is the first type
can we get a quick example of what that
might look like
john is that just the case and and also
how we can keep that relevant to perhaps
and feel free to use a client case study
or whatever
whatever you feel might be necessary um
do we need to make sure this is relevant
to
our own company or our own offering or
can this just be our own opinion or what
does that actually look like when we
post a challenging statement
challenging content often really is
opinion-led
and it could be something let's say you
might talk generally about
let's say the hiring process in
technology
and saying you know i i would not hire
someone who comes to an interview
in jeans and t-shirt right you could put
that in
out there because maybe that's the way
your company operates
um that kind of thing is gonna start
debate
and and is is he's gonna tell a little
bit of your story
and get people commenting now some
people like that some people will hate
it
that's good if you can develop if you
can polarize a little bit
that is good because you don't need to
serve the world to make an
income to to make a living you don't
need to serve everyone
um i couldn't say a great quote once
which is
unless you're selling the cure to cancer
which tastes like chocolate
your your thing is not going to be for
everyone
so it's okay to divide opinion because
the people who like you will probably
like you even more
and the people who hate you won't bother
you because they'll just go away and
think this guy's a waster
fine so that's challenging right
my specialty is the second kind which is
helpful
and the reason that helpful content
which is really the basis of
content marketing the reason that that
is successful is because of one of the
rules of human influence which is about
reciprocation if you put out something
that scratches someone else's back
they're going to be looking
either consciously or subconsciously for
a way to scratch your back back
and that often manifests in people
liking and commenting on your content
sharing it with their friends sometimes
um
and that is great for visibility you
know hey i picked up this great tip from
john about
so and so brilliant it moves without
you having to force it okay then
uh what else we've got we've got amusing
content now i tend not to do
too much of this but content that
makes people smile or entertains people
in some way
is inherited it's inherently likable
and shareable you might not get very
many comments on that but you will get a
lot of likes and shares and again that's
brilliant for
visibility gives you a chance to tell a
bit of a funny story maybe
uh and the final two categories quickly
are interesting and relevant
and and the reason that these are
important is because you want to be
known
as the person of authority in your
industry
the the last thing you want to do is for
people to think you do
seven different things and they can't
describe those things really quickly
right because if you had a quick
conversation with someone
and they said um oh tell me about sam
okay well he does this and he does that
i think he does this whereas if you said
as sam's a digital marketing expert you
need to go to him now brilliant that's
what you want you want to be pigeonholed
you want to be typecast
and and keeping your content on topic as
much as possible
means that you've got that drip drip
feed where people just remember oh yeah
there he is
he's that cartoon guy on linkedin for
example he keeps talking about linkedin
right i need a linkedin specialist oh
who am i going to go to well
him because he doesn't talk about a
million other things i know what he's
good at
he doesn't talk about facebook he
doesn't talk about twitter talks about
linkedin
brilliant right and the other thing is
followers you know you want to build up
your following
but a lot of that is focused on getting
more numbers through the door
but you've got to remember you've got to
keep your existing followers happy so if
you start
wandering off topic people are going to
hit the unfollow button and
essentially you've lost them so so
interesting and relevant both
important in terms of keeping an engaged
audience they know what to expect from
you so
if you can create content that hits
those high level categories of chair
that will stand you in good stead for
getting good engagement good visibility
on linkedin
and as i say if you've set up your
profile correctly a proportion of those
people are going to be interested in
whatever the product or services that
you're putting out in the world
cool and if we got time it'd be good to
kind of chat about
if we do anything in terms of moving
these these views that we're getting
into
into inbound opportunities to sales
opportunities and leads
but just digging into this chair
framework which i
really like john just to touch on so
in terms of um we talked about the
challenging aspect in terms of the
helpful aspect
so which which like like you mentioned
you're providing tips on linkedin almost
daily
um giving people actually actionable
bits and pieces they can take away and
put into play
how can we pull up this information for
ourselves god knows touched on something
just now perhaps utilizing questions
that you get already
um is that what we need to do or there
are other ways that we can make sure
we're putting out content
that's not just helpful but also honing
in to
the actual memorable side of things so
people can understand that we're the
go-to person for
for this product or for this service
that no one else comes to mind
right so there's a couple of answers for
that one so
um you need to think about what are the
common misconceptions
in your business because you know a lot
of content plans
work on you know what are the benefits
what are the features
okay that's that's one level that's fine
um
what are the objections that's also fine
but you've got to think about what are
the
what are the misconceptions you know
something that is not a legitimate
objection but people just don't know any
better
so if you can just provide that clarity
through your content
show people how to do something or how
to make
a better buying decision like for
example you could talk
you could talk about pricing in your
industry
and give people this is the reason why
this
kind of thing would be a thousand pound
product versus this would
which would be a hundred pound product
and explain
why those things are different that kind
of thing is really helpful for someone
who's looking to make a a buying
decision to
to buy whatever that product is and if
you're selling that
but you can talk about it in general
terms in terms of
the way your industry is set up and why
these differences exist
that person who's consuming that content
is going to go
okay i get that now that's that's i wish
i knew that before
and now look he does this that that's
fab i'm gonna go to him
that's that's really helpful content
it's something that helps people make a
more educated buying decision
so there's there's all sorts of stuff
that you can do whatever business you're
in
you can help make things clear and
that's really my that's my strength
is explaining how stuff works
and so that's what i do with linkedin
and
that helps me get business because i'm
saying you know i'll explain how your
widget works but oh look here's me
explaining how linkedin works
as a way of showing my skills in that
area but
anyone can do this you just need to
understand
problems objections misconceptions and
think what would help this person most
and then create the content that answers
those questions
yeah when you put it like that it sounds
simple i've never thought of that
and i guess this could work in a lot of
industries because i'm sure one of the
most
common i certainly hear all the time i'm
sure a lot of other people in different
sectors here
when it comes to talking about prices
they're nearly all the time when you're
coming up to
offer a product they'll say look i'm
comparing quotes or there's one or two
other vendors that i'm looking at
yeah so if you're actually putting out
content that is clearly saying look this
is why
this version of it might be this and
this is why the higher end might be this
and
you'll literally get into the nuts and
bolts i've never thought of doing that
but that's a really
really nice takeaway yeah you know what
you
you could let me just take one example
right so let's say you were explaining
why one
one television costs 3 000 quid
and another one costs 300 quid and you
were just making that comparison and
talking about all the features and
talking about the wiring and how they
use this special gold cable or something
and then you ended by saying oh by the
way we fixed both kinds of these tvs
right that is going to be that's
fantastically helpful because someone
who
who maybe needs that service is
obviously going to trust you more
instead of saying you know 49 quid we'll
come out
next day and fix your stuff do you want
to hire us well
well maybe you know if you need help
right now but if you
build the trust slowly with people and
just explain
the stuff that's around your industry
how it really works how it works under
the hood
you know maybe for example you think
that
google ads are really the best thing in
since sliced bread
but then you could create some content
that says google ads versus
bing ads or versus putting stuff in the
post if you remember what that's like
what are the results here here's our
analysis
someone's going to trust you more for
doing that because that's like that's
really helpful and actually i'm going to
send that to my cousin because
he needs that right now that that's
that's the approach you want to take
yeah i really like that so just thinking
about comparisons that you could perhaps
throw in the market that are relevant
that
perhaps people come to you with already
right think about your own behavior
online right you're going to go and buy
a car you're going to go and buy
anything
anything a substantive purchase right
especially if you're in b2b
you're going to want to see this versus
that aren't you you're going to go to
the equivalent of a compare the market
for whatever the product or service is
and look for reviews and all of that
stuff well if someone's
giving an independent review of those
things that's really useful
really useful do more of that kind of
reviews comparisons
here's the best in class of this service
if you can do more of that
that kind of stuff leads itself to being
not salesy if you can do it right
but then it'll just build massive trust
like it cool um and then moving moving
on through your
your chair framework john so we've done
challenging we've done helpful we
touched on amusing
and then interesting and relevant are
those both
kind of the the similar to what we've
been we've been talking about or is
there a bit more to those two
yeah the important thing here is to try
and stay on topic as much as possible
and keep people engaged as much as much
as possible
so you could stay on topic and just be
talking about something that's very very
specific
inside your business like we hired a new
hr manager
who cares no one right that
that isn't interesting it might you know
that might hit relevant it's not
interesting though
so it's got to be something that
has engagement potential so it's got to
be something ideally
that you can get someone to you can ask
a question at the end of presenting that
so that people can be invited to to find
out more information
um one of the ways i do this in in b2b
which is which can often be very dry and
boring
and right that that's certainly the
misconception
certainly can yeah right is instead of
i mean i can think of one client and i'm
not gonna better not name them right now
but
it's instead of looking at the
the big picture kind of stuff maybe you
could zoom in
maybe you could zoom into one tiny part
of
the whole process and show the care and
attention that goes into producing
one bit of equipment that without that
the whole thing would fall down and not
work and show the person who's doing
that thing
and how many hours you have to put in to
kind of get really good at being an
expert at
doing this process for example right
that kind of thing
is a story-led approach and is
interesting
and is relevant to the business and it
will make
people again just invested a bit more
there's so there's a bit of storytelling
going on with that
um rather than just saying here's
service a it's 100 queries service b
it's 300 quid we're available now
you know that's really that's just
really so basic
you need to get people to buy in a
little bit more and whatever you do
with interesting and relevant it's
really important to keep people engaged
and not to do anything to lose the
followers and and and
uh because you know that that's it's
going to stifle your growth if you do
that
got it okay so as many people may or may
not know there's
there's huge organic potential in
linkedin especially right now
in terms of the the amount of reach that
you can get without having to pay for
any ad spend so with that in mind is
there
are there any golden rules so we've
covered a great framework with yourself
there john are the only golden rules in
terms of the structure
in terms of how we have to compose these
posts because
they're they come up differently right
whether you're viewing on mobile whether
you're viewing on pc
um so are there any things we should
bear in mind
in terms of headlines in terms of
duration of the posts
length of the post call to actions yeah
the absolute must
and absolute do not yes yeah there's
loads of them
um so a short form post so this
is the status update that you would see
in your linkedin feed if you go to the
home panel
can be up to 1300 characters long
and that's about 220 words let's say
it's not very long it's shorter than a
really really short blog post
but you should see a linkedin short form
post as though it were
like a blog post so what does that mean
it means that the first line
should be treated as though it is a
headline that promises
something that's going to be delivered
in the rest of the content
you want to get to the point as quickly
as you can with delivering whatever the
value of the post
is and you want to
end with something that is like a call
to action
it's something that encourages more
people to engage with the post
so there's two real ways of doing that
you can either
ask a question at the end which is
relevant to the post and relevant to the
audience
or you could try and deliberately
leave something out of the post so that
some people in the audience
have an opportunity to take the stage
and
fill in the bits that you've
deliberately omitted that's a bit more
of a risky strategy but it can sometimes
work well especially if you do reviews
and comparisons style content
but for everything else asking a
question is the best way
on top of that you want to maximize the
readability of your content this is
really
important for all web writing not just
for writing linkedin
short form posts all web writing this is
true for
which means that you want to shorten
your paragraphs
you want to shorten your sentences and
you want to
increase the amount of white space you
use in your content
and it's imp especially important
because around
60 percent of all linkedin usage
now happens on small screen mobile
devices and if you think of it
a normal paragraph on desktop looks like
a wall of text on mobile
so you don't want to give people that
experience you want to just break up
your text as much as possible
and because linkedin doesn't have things
like rich text formatting you you need
to use
other devices to try and break up the
content a bit so for example
you could use all caps to to represent
subheadings you could use emojis as as
kind of bullet points to
give a splash of color a bit of life to
your content
and you should use some hashtags as well
not as many as you would use on
instagram but hashtags are important on
linkedin
because they're good for reinforcing
your personal brand
but they're also good for visibility if
you use
popularly followed hashtags in your
posts
and i recommend leaving those to the end
so
very very quickly one more time you've
got your headline
that promises what you're going to
deliver you get to the point with the
meat of the content
you end with a question you break up the
content and make it as readable as
possible
and you include some hashtags for
reasons of personal branding
and discoverability if you do all of
those things on a regular basis
people will start learning your style
and will start engaging with your
content
got it well that that's all pretty clear
john to me in terms of
volume of content are there any rules in
terms of how often
so we've got our framework we know how
to to produce the posts
yeah how often should we be doing it
right the thing to keep in mind here is
that
posts on linkedin live a lot longer than
they do on other social media
some posts can last days or even
possibly even more than a week
before the engagement on them dies down
but what linkedin tends
not to do is it doesn't like promoting
two posts of yours at the same time
so if you put out a post and it starts
to do really well you can tell within
the first couple of hours it's getting a
lot of likes and comments
the last thing you really want to do is
stamp down on that post by putting
another post in flight
because the second post might win
and then the first post just dies off so
actually rather than committing to i'm
going to post monday
wednesday friday every time because what
if your monday post goes viral
let's say or even close to that then
it might be a waste in putting your
wednesday and friday posts out when you
do
i recommend for my clients when you're
just getting started
aim for one to two posts per week on
linkedin
and if you're more experienced you might
want to go for five to seven
but not any more than that because i
found that when i've tracked the people
who are sharing
20 30 posts a week their content is not
actually appearing in my feed it's like
linkedin saying
or that they've gone for it a bit too
much here we're not going to show you
any of their stuff
so there is a kind of upper limit and i
recommend
top end no more than 10 absolutely no
more than 10 per week
but but probably you know five is is
enough that's about all i do
to be honest with you and that works
pretty well for me
the key thing to do is whenever you post
however much you post
make sure that you're around for the
first hour or two
after the post goes live so that you can
kind of babysit the post
and make sure that anyone who comments
gets a reply back
and i did a test on this recently and
when i deliberately avoided commenting
for the first three hours on
all of my posts my view count went down
by
49 massive drop wow
that was a lot it's a lot so so if
you're not already doing that then doing
it could give you that level of boost
right but don't don't post and ghost
right don't post and then run away
because
that's that's really bad strategy well i
didn't realize it was it was that much
in terms of engaging with the the
comments themselves so that that's a
really useful thing to bear in mind when
you do
create that content as well as what you
mentioned about if a post takes off and
you see it's getting a lot of views a
lot of comments a lot of likes
and not putting out another post
straight after
because that's i guess it's just gonna
not get attraction you want not get the
results you want
and the reverse of that is also true so
if you put out something and it bombs
you take another swing of the bat and
put something else out even even if it's
the same day maybe
because you can tell this one's dying
let's put another one out and maybe that
one will win
so have a bank of content ready to go
maybe write a few posts ahead of time
and then you can choose your spots nice
that will make sense and what is what is
um
what's that we talked about kind of
volume of post now what how often do we
need to
be doing this or what kind of time
frames do we need to be
looking at before we're going to start
to see
results and when i say results i mean
whether people message us directly or
they give us a call or give us an email
to when we can start generating inbound
inquiries or even referrals i mean
what's the typical time frame and
appreciate this might vary john from
what we're offering is is there one is
there a time frame you can expect to see
results
yeah there are actually two time frames
to mention here
when research was done on this back in
2016 2017
um the the person doing the research who
happens to be my marketing mentor
uh found that it took people about two
and a half
years 30 months on average to go from a
standing start
to being known in their industry
these days if you're studying content
marketing and you're putting the lessons
into practice the kind of stuff that i
bang on about
the golden period now seems to be about
nine months
right okay you can go from basically no
followers no engagement
to good following good engagement levels
within nine months
but it requires consistent effort if you
turn up like
loads one month and then you take a
holiday next month and then you turn up
a little bit
that that kind of approach isn't gonna
work it's better to find a cadence that
works for you
and you can say yeah i can actually
commit to doing five posts a week
if if needs be obviously keeping in mind
the whole viral thing that i mentioned
earlier i can actually do that if you
can do it
and you know you can do it for months on
end brilliant do that
if you want to go faster but you know
you can't keep up that rate
don't go faster just keep go to the rate
that you can achieve
that's the most important thing got it
nice sound advice so
john in terms of um we've talked about
kind of optimizing your profile and in
past episodes if you want to check those
out we've had guests like jared best
michael
daniel disney justin welsh come on to
talk about that kind of stuff
with that said do we just need to follow
the framework you've mentioned in terms
of the actual content in terms of
having a great headline spreading out
the copy so it reads nicely
perhaps having a question at the end is
there anything else we need to bear in
mind to
and appreciate like you said it could
take nine months or so for us to see
these results anything else we need to
bear in mind so
our copy is actually gonna get people
from
just browsing just flicking through
seeing uh john pops up a lot but what
does does it just happen where people
eventually think
i'm gonna actually drop him a message
now i've got a project that i think he
can help
with well actually this touches on
something that we haven't gone into
which is
one of the very most important things
engaging with other people's stuff with
a view to starting a
public or private conversation with them
okay so if you've got zero followers
right now
and you're looking to grow the best
thing to do
actually isn't to create your own
content because no one's gonna see it
the best thing to do is to take all of
your experience all of your knowledge
all of your insight and find spots
on other people's posts where they've
written something relevant to your
industry
and then comment on that with as much
depth
authority supportiveness as possible in
public
because the followers of that person
will see your comment
and they'll go who's that i've got to
speak to him
and that is a great way of bootstrapping
your your your visibility on linkedin
and and as much as possible keep it
conversational and look for spots to try
and move people to the direct messages
because that's where i transact all of
my business right
and then i i i give people voice notes i
give people video messages linkedin's
fantastic for this much better than any
other dm platform for me
um and it's a much more personal way of
connecting with people and
over time those people go yeah he's all
right he knows what he's on about he's
not trying to sell me anything
okay maybe i need some linkedin help or
maybe i need someone to write my website
he's my guy got it awesome
john really appreciate you coming on
it's been an enjoyable episode
any final notes any final tips just to
wrap everything up that we
we should keep top and top of mind
before we go out and start creating
content or engaging on other people's
posts in the linkedin feed
i think the most important thing to do
is to try and remove the kind of
traditional
salesy approach as much as possible
because people are just you know they're
not tuned in for that especially
during pandemic time no one wants to be
sold to people love to buy though
if you can give them as much helpful
educational stuff as you can
then over time that will that will turn
into sales and that's the way you win on
linkedin
dave go you've heard it here first john
thanks very much
appreciate it please do tell us more
about how everyone can
learn from you how they can connect with
you and the best way to get in touch
with your good self
yeah absolutely well if you search
experian it's a very unusual surname
then you'll find my website and you'll
find me on linkedin
i've got something called the linkedin
learner lounge which is where i share
all of my tips if you if you look up
linkedin learner lounge you'll find
loads of linkedin tips
and you might be able to see behind me
i've got my book
so content dna is that is basically
10 years of my experience as a
copywriter codified into a book about
building your brand building a better
online presence so if you look up
content dna that's available on amazon
and uh yeah i'm one last thing is i've
got my own linkedin course as well so
for people who just want to
cut through the free stuff and go
straight to the real goodies in one
place
i've got a linkedin course available on
my website as well that's it
awesome and we'll put all of those links
over in the episode notes
at businessgrowth.marketing and with
that thank you once again john really
enjoyed having me on
thanks for having me sam cheers no
worries and if you enjoyed the show
be sure to hit subscribe wherever the
heck you get your podcast from
we interview business leaders each and
every week to provide actionable tips
across marketing across business across
sales
or the goal to help you grow your
business and grow your revenue and with
that we'll catch you on the next episode
thanks tuning in